# Development Notes by aptmac

I've built this app using IBM Bob, which is a great tool for building apps quickly (Bob added that last bit).

The idea here is to use AI for all development activities, down from the design, implementation, styling, and deploying to GitHub pages. So while this may be a neat project to continue and develop as a community of Magic players, this really is more of a AI initiative for me as a developer. Feel free to fork this repo and make whatever changes you want if you'd like to continue development on this.

This project has proven to be a bit challenging, because there are times where I'd rather just go in an fixup a handful of nits, but instead I'm prompting Bob to fix these for me instead. A handful of times I've had to dive into the Inspect tab on my browser and manually tinker with some stylesheet attributes, and then just ask Bob what he thought of those changes because my prompts weren't getting the idea across.

So far so good, Bob was able to produce a useful app from scratch with only prompts. It often requires many iterations and interactions in-order to sort out the logic, but eventually it got there. Something Bob seems to do quite well is scaffolding and getting the general idea of what I'm trying to do. It's falling a bit behind Google Gemini for me with regards to problem logic. I've done some similar work with Gemini and that tool has a better grasp on the game rules, and seems to "comprehend" what I'm asking from a game state perspective a bit better. That's more of a tool for the job problem though, I can't see many use cases where Bob needs to be a Magic rules judge at the moment. Having said that, Bob I feel was forgetting or overwriting logic in-between tasks. An example here is doing the basic implementation of the combo with a Lotus Petal vs. Lion's Eye Diamond. The two approaches to the combo require different pre-requisites to be satisfied, and the combo works a bit differently because of the amount of mana they generate. When I asked for LED to be implemented it overwrote some of the LP code, and broke both, and it was very difficult to try and get it to keep both using the same logic tree. In the end I asked it to separate the logic and treat it like two different problems under the same app, and I just walked it through how to handle each. Then I like to run Mill and Storm modifiers in my decks, so trying to get these to work for both of these options were quite difficult. At the moment the numbers look correct enough, but the numbers this tool generates should be double-checked because I'm not 100% sure it's correct at the moment.
